Create SECURITY.md (#5425)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

> ## Supported Versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported DIRAC Versions
```

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| >= 7.1  | :white_check_mark: |
| < 7.1   | :x:                |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> Please report any suspected vulnerability with a mail to fstagni-at-cern.ch and atsareg-at-in2p3.fr.
> We will come back to you in a matter of few days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please report any suspected vulnerabilities by emailing fstagni-at-cern.ch and atsareg-at-in2p3.fr.
We will respond to you within 2 working days.
If for some reason you do not recieve a response, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message.
```
